

Commands for Flutter :------------->

    flutter emulators

        : Above will remove all unneccessory things from the project.
        
    flutter clean    

    flutter pub outdated

    flutter pub upgrade --major-versions

    flutter pub get

    flutter doctor

    flutter run

    flutter build apk




------------------ Accounts and their roles ------------------------>>>>


9264981073 : Admin          [ Using as main Admin ]
9264981074 : Modle Artist     [ Marvel catalog,  ]
9264981075 : user
9264981076 : Sale Rep    [ Published 2 standees.]

new for test ------------->>>





----------------------- Follow this flow --------------------------->>>>>



flutter clean

flutter pub outdated

flutter pub upgrade --major-versions

flutter pub get

flutter doctor

flutter run

flutter build apk --release


                               








thisnking to fix it --------------------->>>


    ✅  1. a env flag that manages the price for subs : something like that subs_tesing : true/false, if its is trure the subs price should be 3,5,7 ruppee only till testing is happenin. If false then actual price will be shown and ready to sub at that price only.


   ✅ 2. If sale rep or staff create a restaurent and publish it then it should get published but one flag should come on mirage menu ui on mirage  also on catalog ui of recap that is payment due is not completed so, this page will deactivated in 7 days (or free trail limit) and inside catalog ui a btn should be there that tell pay otherwise you live link will be deactivated soon. and once user click on pay then subs process happne and user able to subcribe it. also handle other edge cases for this.


    ✅3. catalog will show the subcription status on ui. And user also get appropiate notifications like subs due, subs done next date for payment and alll other subs related edge cases. user should get notification for these events. also one more event not opted any subcription yet.




    ✅4. do you know we are print bulk qr by clicking o a btn ?? Can plz tell me the one qr size in cms ??? also if you can tell me single qr size in cm.



    ✅5. I have seen a subcriptions tab in ther user role admin, start building this feature including the full flow. first fix the list we are showing on top so i'll not get cut on mobile view. after that build each and every features for this process so admin able to see all subs and handle other edge cases also.
    who iniciate payment user name and catalog detailes
    Additionally what i wnat admin should get the status in detailed manner like payment started, razorpay succeeded, backend data updated (catalog get updated) something like this, so admin able to debug each and every payment initiated. for the last thing if razaorpay recived money and not get reflected in catalog (by any reason) give a button to upgrade his/her catalog accordingly ( acc.  to plan he/she payed for.) and admin able to start his/her sub from the app. By implemening this admin no need to leave the app, admin can see and fix right from here.


    ✅6. I have done a payment via application and it is working good, but my account not get updated to that respective plan, so find the problem in the flow. And tell me what is can be the real problem ???



    
    ✅7. The payment is like one time payment but what I want it should start a auto payment subscription, when user choose monthly the that amount will get deducted in every month or if it is yearly the payment should get deducted yearly bases. Means i want Autopay type payment not one time payment, so do like this




    ✅7a. Plz verify two things are implemented or not , 1. Payemnt get reflected right after payment succeess in the app ( if nothing get breaked ), 2. Payment should be autoPay type ( when user confirm then he/she get subcribed for that amount , so on montly or yearly bases payment should get didected by autopay method).




    ✅7b. Once any user open their profile page and open subcription tab, and they opted for a plan the they should get better Ui that contains every detail about their plan, rest days, better ui, plan offers, see catalog btn. These all should contain 70% from top then other subcription btn and details should there along with subcribe btn like we have currently.




    ✅8. Catalog does have any option to download standee/QR , please provide a btn to download the standee/qr 
    If catalog is live then only provide this option 
    User only download standee that he/she subscribed like if he subscribe for taste the only 10 standee he able to download, so when user click on download button then ask how many he wants to download and range btw 1 to avilable standees.
    If user download the reduce from downloaded standee values.




    ✅9. Remove the loading text from the home page. I have seen a text that shows loading on home page (getting /products or calling /products api ) this should be removed or change it with appropriate text like fetching products from server. 
    Because I don't want to show which api I'm calling to get products



    ✅10. Educational AR content , page 




    11. User role with admin (this time only admin) able to see all published catalogs, so inside profile page create one more section called all catalogs. when admin click on this the open catalogs page there all catalog preseent in a grid layout (two catalogs in one row) with name and icons of that catalog. if admin click on any catalog then open like a normal catalog page like we have now for every users, and also admin able to edit any catalog by clicking one the banner and open it and able to edit and publish changes directly (admin feature).




    Once app is ready for production ------------------>>>>>>>>

    Production. 
        a) From all subcription page, remove the complementry option ( complementry until btn is there  ) we don't need this option. 

        b) When all subcriptions page get open then all option should be defaul and first as position, currently need attention is as first and default option.






# Once you done with subcription and ready for prod.

    1. verify it every thing is working good and nothing get breaked now. Now tell me what envs i need to chnage or update to make it for production ready and where one frontend or on backend of recap or on mirage. and visiable otp section on otp fill screen should be hidded and actual otp should't get back by any req user making for login, req only return the status of otp it is send on mail or not and that should be shown on ui.


    2. we have a problem when did't opted for sms otp service, so once dev is done and sended otp will be hidded on screen then we are thinking to user email otp service only, so you job is that create a env var (like isPhoneOtpServiceRunning : t/f ) that manages otp on phone is open or closed now.if phone otp is not running then make disable phone btn (it should there but inactive condition so user not able to touch it and use it) on login screen user only able to click on email btn and after fill their mail id op send btn should activated and process happen. 


    do it carefully for web and apk both.








mirage cutome more --------------------------->>>


before connected : 
    dev.mirage-be ----> development
    dev.mirage-fe ----> development
    recapture-dev ----> Live branch or pahse 2 url.




next : 15 3D spin videos	⏸ not built	deferred by you
    for this tell me exactly what you going to do ?? and what resources will used, can this slow down my ruing backend. or tell me any free tool i can use so i don't need to run on my real backend.




Updates and fixs ------------------>>>>

    a) Remove the btn 'Publish All outlets' on the outlets page of every catalog. only add branch should be there. User only able to publish the outlet from catalog page and also subcribing the plan.

    ✅b) After updating themes and color of catalog it not get reflected on main mirage page, so analysis the mirage fe code and fix it so what ever user changes in colors and themes page that change should get reflected on the mirage menu page, after saving and publishing that cahnge.


    ✅c) Hey i want to remove a option from edit btn of catalog that are  printable menu options. And add a new option that is Themes & Colours when user click on this option plz redirect to user on Appearance page.

    ✅d) also remove every code part to related this printable menu, i don't want any thing makes confusing for this.


    Don't burn token do only neccessory tests and do it carefully for web and apk both by handling all possiable edge cases related to this.




*z) I wand you to create a full sheet in readme or suitable for this. there each and every features of recapture should be mention and as the dev of app we can provide that sheet to anyone and for testing purpose. what content i the sheat sr., appropiate name of feature, detailes about feature how to use and what is, where this feature exist, who able to use this feature like (user[logged in], user[logged in][taste], user[logged in][2nd pro] , user[logged in][3rd pro] , user[admin], user[Artist], user[sale rep]) , also if you can the group all features page wise, home page , catalog page, user profile, inside something,
also if you wnat they add some other details as well and another column if needed 
plz write in detailed way so our internal team able to use it and give their feedback.
