

✅1.
upadte name of product, category and restaurant name is not reflecting inside catalog and on mirage menu, that i got feedback so check it and if it is then fix it.





✅2. For Miarge ::::::::::::::::-------------------->>>>>>>>>
On mirage menu share btn is working good, but currently it is getting the url from the urlbar, that need to change it, it should get like domainName/res_name update this logic, so user able to get right url and readable url while sharing.





✅3.
User have role : Admin and Artist, they should get an option to submit the 3d model for that perticular project, if they want. So for that give btn on every peoject inside live section liek submit mode, onclick that redirect to a page there these data shoud , Submitting model for this project Name, and ui to submit the 3d model that should be .glb and submit btn. After submitting a success msg appaere and it should get reflect inside my project section of that project to that perticular user.





✅4.
User have role Admin should able to see that who created this project (which user) inside live project section on every project, there shoud be a lebel telling created by userImg , when admin click on this btn he/she able to see full details about user like name and userImg and emial/phone number by a pop ui coming from the bottom.
For both apk and web.





✅5.
Publishing of restaurent by sale rep/ staff mem should be simmilar like catalo publish process or ui and everything, i have seen catalog publish is working so good process and ui everything, but restaurent publishing is not working as good as like catalog publish. 
Do this on both web and apk carefully.





✅6.
Create category and manage by a seperate page insid every restaurant generated by sale rep/ staff shoud be simmilar like catalog have category btn and manage page there create update and delete with drag palcement. Copry everything.
And one more update for product/dish there should be drag feature of restaurant genearted by sale rep/ staff like we have in catelog product.
Do this on both web and apk carefully.





✅7.
Don't show the label on drag btn when user long press on the btn on dishes/products of restaurant and also on category of restaurant. It should happen only drag thing on click and also on long click.
Do it carefully on web and apk both places.





✅7a.
My restaurant of sale rep or staff mem account, there is a qr when user press on this btn then he/she redirected on a qr page there all thing about that restaurant is present like qr and copy btn and open btn and else, i have they all have url of my recap backend serviecs but they should use mirage public link, i don't whan to expose the backend url here . MIRAGE_PUBLIC_BASE_URL is containing the url. understand my concerne and update that. do carefullly on web and apk both.






✅7b.
If standee showing in use state then there should a qr btn and when admin click ok this qr btn then he/she should redirected to qr page there qr with copy and open btn present on ui. So Admin can see which res is get generated by this standee

And below the page if user is admin then show activated by userImg with name and e-mail or phone, so Admin can see who activated this qr, in future as per click call then admin tell to that staff for updates things. So show user details who activated this is useful for future






✅8. 
Publish btn glitch, i have seen on catalog and also on restaurant publish btn both places user need to click twice to start publishing process and on second time he/she sended on the publishing screen, so i want for the first time he should send on the screen of publishing and publishing process should start on the first time
Do it carefully on web and apk both places.





✅9.
At the time of adding dishes of a restaurant on both places catalog and by sale rep, user able to set the dish veg and non veg and also the non (means don't show the label on dish ) do this feature, if you need then update on Mirage fe and Mirage be also. By default it should be veg and when  someone explicitly choose none or non-veg then only addd that data and use that data on ui. 
And on catalog and resaurent product/dishes the default value should be veg only and ui have all 3 values in a row so user/staff mem able to change it by usuing that ui.
DO it carefullly foe both apk and web and also for mirage.
do changes on all 4 sides if you want.



----------- Very Small features ------------->>>




✅10. 
In the picture preview of every  project there should be 
a swap left and right btn and event to navigate b/w all captured pics. 






✅11. 
At the time of preview pic for captured product there is a btn that used to create model by maya ai, on that page after model get created 100% then directly model preview page should appear, there shouldn't be a btn that ask for preview.





✅12. 
Update the UI of preview menu of catalog and restaurent (genrated by sale rep or staff ), we have data like menu name and categories and product (mix of 3d and img only ), so update the ui on both places so it look mordern and attractive as well. your role like UI UX Eng. plz develop the ui that is eye catchy.    





✅13. 
Inside Publish standees section of Admin (if user role is admin) then he/she should able to see all standees published yet (not only standees that is published by him/her) along with all standees generated. something like 2/115 menus live.





✅14. 
Preview section of catalog and of restaurant menu generated by sale rep and staff should have some more filter optios like newest, oldest and else needed one.




 
-------------- Testing now ---------------->>>





15. 
I have seen a category bug that is unrecgnised category, so its appears when user in catalog and sale rep or admin staff in restaurant section, starts publishing menu with zero added category. that is my analysi, so i have decied if menu have 0 category while creating the menu with one or some products and user click on publish btn then we should give a 400 err msg by the api that appears on the UI screen that tell you have 0 category, first create category and add products into it the publish. Something like that.
Some edge cases for this feature like 
    : If user create one of some products first then after he/she create category. for that you should attach all the products into that one category.
    : If user create category and after that start creating products. for this all newly created product should automatically belong to the First category. This way can be user for every newly created product, it should get attached to 1st category directly.
    : Find other edge cases and implements it so i did't get unrecognised category name any how on the live menu.
    : Also provide way to update the category name so if some get under unrecognised category label then user able to edit the name of that category.





for web and apk both.






